Adjust language, grammar, and small mistakes (#19)
NETWAYS/foreman-training: architecture/04_katello.md

Katello is a defined set of Foreman plugins which add Content management and Subcription management.

The Content management feature can manage YUM repositories to provide software in RPM package format and
errata explaining the importance of the package updates. Debian packages are also supported just without errata yet.

> The plugins also allow to manage a local registry (Docker container), Ansible collections, Python packages and ordinary files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugins also enables managing a local registry (Docker container), Ansible collections, Python packages and ordinary files.
```
